README.md, before:

# StockUp

StockUp is a finance and stock tracker created to help the user make smarter financial decisions.

## Technologies and Languages

- ReactJS
- React-router
- JavaScript
- Google Firebase
- CSS
- HTML5

## Usage

### Signup/Login

Users can have two options for signing up:

- manually enter email, password, display name
- using their Google account

### Authenticated User Features

Once a user is logged in they can add transactions with name, amount, date, and categorize the transaction. Users can also search for and view live stock prices via the Finnhub Stock API.

## Features to be implemented

- Social signup and login using a Facebook account
- Sorting and filtering for transactions by date, amount, name, category
- Storing a list of stocks selected by user
- Conditionally showing user stock details if the stock is up

## License

Stock prices and information are retrieved using the [Finnhub Stock API](https://finnhub.io/docs/api).

## Disclaimer

Any suggestions or features are not financial advice, invest at your own risk.

Commit message:

updated README to include new category filtering and facebook login features

README.md, after:

# StockUp

StockUp is a finance and stock tracker created to help the user make smarter financial decisions.

## Technologies and Languages

- ReactJS
- React-router
- JavaScript
- Google Firebase
- CSS
- HTML5

## Usage

### Signup/Login

Users have 3 options for signing up:

- manually enter email, password, display name
- using their Google account
- using their Facebook account

### Authenticated User Features

- Add and view transactions with name, amount, date, and category
- Filter transactions to view only a specific category
- View live stock prices via the Finnhub Stock API.

## Features to be implemented

- Social signup and login using a Facebook account
- Sorting transactions by date, amount, name
- Storing a list of stocks selected by user
- Conditionally showing user stock details if the stock is up

## License

Stock prices and information are retrieved using the [Finnhub Stock API](https://finnhub.io/docs/api).

## Disclaimer

Any suggestions or features are not financial advice, invest at your own risk.
